Wrapping Up
In this module we discovered and
exploited a vulnerability
In the Sync Breeze application.
Even though this was a known
vulnerability,
we walked through the steps
required to discover it,
and did not rely on previous
vulnerability research.
This essentially replicated the process of
discovering
and exploiting a remote buffer overflow.
This process required several steps.
First, we discovered a vulnerability
in the code, without access to the source,
and generated application input
that caused an overflow and granted us
control of critical CPU registers.
Next, we manipulated memory to
gain reliable remote code execution.
and cleaned up the exploit to avoid
crashing the target application.